There was a department called "Accounts" that kept track of all the invoices from the vendors. 
These invoices contained details about the parts the company bought. 
The person in charge of planning in the company needed this information to make important decisions. 
They had to figure out trends in how the company bought things, the limitations of the suppliers, and how to save money.

But there was a problem. 
The data they had was from different years, and it was all jumbled up. 
The company had different groups of manufacturing plants, and each plant had its own set of parts. 
Some parts were made of aluminum, while others were made of different types of metal alloys. 
The company got these parts from different suppliers, some of which were top-tier suppliers, and others were second-tier suppliers. 
It was a lot to deal with!

To make sense of all this, the planner wanted a dashboard. 
This dashboard would be like a magical window that could show them important information. 
They wanted it to be able to show them which business units were buying what, which plants were getting what parts, and who the suppliers were. 
They also wanted to see how much everything cost.

So, they gathered three sets of data. 
The first set was all about the invoices. 
It had things like the invoice number, the month it was made, and the year. 
It also had details about the parts, like their descriptions and how many were in each unit. 
Plus, it had information about the suppliers and the prices.

The second set of data was about the parts themselves. 
It had information about what kind of material they were made of, where they came from, and how heavy they were.

The third set of data was about the suppliers. 
It had details about who they were, where they were located, and what kind of business strategy they had.

With all this data, they had two big tasks. 
First, they wanted a "Supplier Overview" dashboard. 
This would show them the status of each supplier and what they were capable of. 
They could see if a supplier was good to work with or not. 
They could also see if a supplier could do things like metal casting or machining.

The second dashboard they needed was called "Volume Movement". 
This one would help them see how much stuff they were buying over the years and how heavy it all was. 
They could filter the data to see it by business unit, purchasing group, plant, type of part, supplier name, and material.

With these two dashboards, the planner could make smart decisions about buying things for the company. 
They could see which suppliers were the best and track how the company's purchases changed over time.
